**When it comes to testing HTTP APIs in Golang, one common challenge is dealing with the database interactions. Testing against a real database can be time-consuming, resource-intensive, and even risky when it comes to manipulating real data. That’s where the concept of a mock database (Mock DB) comes into play\***

**To achieve this, mockgen is used to generate a mock implementation of the Database interface**

What is Mockgen?

**mockgen is a tool that automatically creates mock versions of interfaces. These mocks can be programmed to behave in specific ways during tests, allowing you to test components in isolation from their real dependencies**

install --> go get github.com/golang/mock/mockgen

mockgen for mocking an interface in Go.

This application with a UserService that depends on a Database interface for fetching user data.
Then, we'll write a unit test

using a mock of the Database interface.

1. Define Database interface and a UserService that depends on it.
   Define the Interface: You start by defining the Database interface in Go, outlining method like GetUser(id string) (User, error).

   defined a Database interface and a UserService that uses this interface to fetch user data.

2. Generate a mock for the Database interface. You can run this command in your terminal:

   **Generate the mock **
   mockgen -source=database.go -destination=mock_database.go -package=main

   This command tells mockgen to read the Database interface from the specified source file and generate a mock implementation in the destination file.

mock_database.go (Generated)--> This file will be generated by mockgen. It contains the mock implementation of the Database interface.

3. write a test for UserService using the mock database.
   In your test files, you create an instance of the mock database and set expectations on its methods. For example, you might set up the mock to expect a call to GetUser with a specific user ID and return predefined data.

4. go test
   When you run your tests, UserService interacts with the mock database instead of a real one. mockgen ensures that the mock behaves as you've specified in your tests.

--> url -- http://localhost:8080/user?id=123
